if you're going to join any branch of service. One of the things you need
to learn how to do if you're not on board yet is learn how to listen
to people you're gonna be getting a lot of directions on your career
is not gonna go very far If you can't follow them from the simple
to the complex. You know it's gonna be coming at you all the time
every single day, several times a day. The way that I prepared for
myself, um, for coming into the nuclear power school actually started
training. Um, I took a conceptual physics course and I took algebra,
and that helped me through the school. Later on, um, after going
through my initial school thing, I found out that, like, uh, even though
there are schools available most of the time, you have to actually
train yourself. So learning how to read is another big thing that
you have to know. Um, if you haven't been a big reader before, especially
in high school or middle school, um, that's gonna change if
you're gonna be promoted. Um, of course, there are lots of opportunities
and lots of training, but the ones I see succeed the most are
the ones who actually can pick up a book on their off time and kind
of teach themselves.